---
layout: post
title: Sir
---

It seems that the word sir has entered my life sometime during college and never left me. I thank my friends for this wonderful addition. Aside from the comical value it provides I find it immensely useful when I'm talking to others. Now that I am less than a week away until my first official day as a graduate student, and also as a research assistant given that everything goes well, I can only hope that my magical word will do its magic again as it did my first year of college. I would love to say that nothing changed since I am still living at the same apartment as last year and going to the same school, but a lot has changed. I should not be surprised since this seems to be a pretty consistent trend among people my age, or at the very least my own personal life.

This summer started off really really rough. I wanted to write about this sooner but I could never bring myself to actually write about it because of how much it pained me just to think about all the things that happened. Without going over the actual details of what happened here are some things that was definitely new to me. I never knew that you can be in so much pain that you start to seek out any and everything that is going to get your mind off of whatever you are thinking about and continue to do so until your body physically cannot stay up longer. I was in so much pain that it was impossible for me to fall asleep or even lay still and do nothing because everything hurt so much. No fault of anyone but my own but still it was an incredible experience and one that I never ever want to repeat. I also got scared that I might end up doing something stupid and irreversible that I barred myself from drinking anything for over a month. I was reasonable enough to realize that everything was going to be ok eventually but I was not entirely sure that my drunk-self also shared the same sentiment. I also walked around yelling constantly that I am strong and that everything is going to be alright. I probably would not be able to explain what drove me to do this but it made me hurt less and feel better, albeit slightly. I would guess that talking and hearing those words as well as the visceral tension as one yells somehow took away from the physical pain as well. I was in a good place all things considered; I just needed to bring myself to a place where I could both understand and internalize this simple fact.
